---
layout: "post"
title: "2019-11-15-sacredness_of_life"
date: "2019-11-15 19:13"
---
## Song of Myself



今天去了纽约的中国城，看到了路边的小白菜，看到了90年代的商场和面包店的影子。那些在中国城的中国人，他们现在的生活比在中国的生活更幸福吗？

今天在42nd Street 地铁站 看到另一面墙上写着

”Nature must not win the game, but she cannot lose".

这句话出自于Carl Jung的 Alchemical Studies:

> Nature must not win the game, but she cannot lose. And whenever the conscious mind clings to hard and fast concepts and gets caught in its own rules and regulations - as is unavoidable and of the essence of civilized consciousness - nature pops up with her inescapable demands.

Carl Jung is a Swiss psychiatrist who is best known for his theory of the collective unconscious.

I find out a newspaper article about it by Kevin McGeary for Shenzhen Daily.

> There was a time, argued English novelist J.G. Ballard, that the real world meant the external world of offices, factories and shops. But now, the external world is full of unreality. From computer games that offer escape to advertisements that create unrealistic expectations.

> To fail to understand the natural world, such as that cabbages thrive in dung, is to be neurotic.

> Jung believed that many of his patients were not mentally ill, but their lives lacked meaning because they were detached from the earth. Jung criticized industrial civilization for this, which brings me to my third quote: 'the least of things with a meaning is worth more than the greatest things without it'

We are part of the nature, not its master.

We are part of the nature, not its master.

Namaste.
